[Autogenerated] on a W s.
You can use their native storage to hold your remote state data.
Which native storage?
Why S3 So you can write your state data as an object in an S3 bucket.
That S3 bucket is not going to support locking by itself,
though you also need to create a dynamo DB table,
where Terra Form will put a locking entry when it's
manipulating the state that's in the three bucket.
And those two components combined allow the solution to support locking.
It also natively support workspaces,
and it doesn't need the dynamodb table for that.
It could just use S3 in the native constructs in S3 to support workspaces.
You can also specify granular control within your bucket in S3,
which means you can use the same bucket for multiple state files and
actually have different teams using the same state bucket.
Because you can say this path is for the infrastructure team
and I'm going to Grantham full access,
and this other path is for the application team,
and I'll grant them full access on that one.
So it does give you that granular level of control and finally,
state data can have some sensitive information in it
things like passwords and API keys.
So you do want a solution that supports encryption.
And fortunately, as three does support encryption,
so make sure you have that sensitive data encrypt did.
Now, going hand in hand with this configuration for remote state,
we also need to be able to authenticate to write data to S3 and Dynamo DB.
So let's see how we do that.
Just like we saw with the A W s provider,
the S3 back and supports a number of different authentication methods.
The first one is the instance profile.
If you're running in an automation scenario,
your ______ form processes might be executing on the E.
C.
Two instance, you can give that E.
Two instance an instance profile that gives it permissions to
write to the S3 bucket and the Dynamo DB table.
Another way to authenticate is using access keys and secret keys.
Basically,
you'll supply your access key and secret key and use those to authenticate.
Alternatively,
you can use the credentials file that's generated by the
AWS CLI and select the appropriate profile you want to
use to write your state data.
Finally, you can use a session token.
Obviously,
these should all look very familiar because they're the same authentication
methods that we used for the AWS provider as a whole.
Now let's take a look at how we're going to implement remote state storage at Globomantics.